Update guided-scenarios-cloud-managed-pc.md (#3184)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/fundamentals/guided-scenarios-cloud-managed-pc.md

## Prerequisites

- [Set the MDM authority to Intune](../fundamentals/mdm-authority-set.md#set-mdm-authority-to-intune) - The mobile device management (MDM) authority setting determines how you manage your devices. As an IT admin, you must set an MDM authority before users can enroll devices for management.

> - M365 Business premiuum or M365 E3  or M365 E5 for best security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- M365 Business Premium, Microsoft 365 E.3,  or Microsoft 365 E5 for best security.
```

> - M365 Business Premium, Microsoft 365 E.3,  or Microsoft 365 E5 for best security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Microsoft 365 Business Premium, Microsoft 365 E.3,  or Microsoft 365 E5 for best security
```
